# Awv.Bots.WoWItemGen v1.0.0

Prior to this update, the bot was essentially in kind of a beta limbo state, but as of 02-22-2020, it's now cleaned up code that I want to share. The code is not unit tested (yolo, I don't have time for that for this. At least not now).

The biggest things that are different from where it was prior to this state are as follows:

## Corruption is now supported
---
Tooltip style included!

## New Format Engine
---
The engine which was used to format text was severely limited in what it was able to do. It only had 3 components. Tags, 'phrases' which essentially were any bits of text that weren't special, and number generators. Especially with the way it was coded, it was extremely limited in what it could do.

Here are a quick couple of examples (and the driving factors of this update actually).

For a weapon name:
```
Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker
```

The absolute best I could do this as a format in the old system was:
```
#element#rage, #worked #weaponhead of the #element Seeker
```

Which could at best produce:
```
ThunderFury, Blessed Blade of the Wind Seeker
```

Now with the new system, I can use this:
```
{#element#rage:L}(shortname), #worked #weaponhead of the #element\seeker
```

Which can produce:
```
Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker
```

AND capture `Thunderfury` as a 'short name'.


These are the improvements:
1. When generating the first bit (`#element#rage` or `Thunderfury`), I had NO way of capturing and referencing that 'short name' later. Now I can.
2. Within the short name, there's also a little mark at the end of `#rage:L`. That `:L` is a formatter... Of which there are 3 by default but I can add more easily later. Either through the `Awv.Automation.Lexica` package, or I can add custom ones for each individual bot. The default 3 are:
    - `:L` - Lowercases the the text of the ILexigram before it. #tag is a TagLexigram, and anything within curly braces (`{}`) is a Composition (which implements ILexigram).
    - `:U` - Upper cases the text of the ILexigram before it.
    - `:T` - Title cases the text of the ILexigram before it.
        - *Sidenote: This isn't really true title case. It just capitalizes the first letter of every group of text which matches the `\w` regular expression.*
3. Near the end, there is `#element\seeker`. Since, in the event of `#elementseeker`, there'd be no way of determining when the tag and the text ends, the best thing we could do before was add a space. Now we can use backslashes (`\`) to escape the next string.

For a corruption effect:
```
Your spells and abilities have a chance to increase your Haste by 546/728/1275 for 4 sec.
```

The absolute best I could do this as a format in the old system:
```
Your spells and abilities have a chance to increase your #secondarystat by %{1,2000} for %{1,20} sec.
```

Which could produce the exact result, but it was clunky.

Now with the new system, we can use this:
```
Your spells and abilities have a chance to increase your #secondarystat by `ri(1,2)*546+ri(0,1)*728` for `rt(1s,20s)`.
```

Which can easily produce exact results cleanly.

These are the improvements:
1. There's now a CodeLexigram that just runs JavaScript and returns the value. This is denoted by the grave / backtic character. The one problem with this is that you can't use JavaScript's native string interpolation, but I'm not too worried about that. This is good enough for a hobby project. Improvements can be made later if needed.
2. With the CodeLexigrams, I can call custom C# code from it. `ri` and `rt` are not native JavaScript functions. These are added via the [Core.cs](../Libraries/Core.cs) implementation of ILibrary. So it's kinda JavaScript kinda safer C#. But it only lets through methods that you give it allowance to. I wanted to subvert the possibility of huge security holes but still invoke C# code from the formatter. This probably still has security holes, but I don't know of any myself.
3. Additionally, something that was relatively superfluous but I wanted to make my life easier... In the code `rt(1s,20s)`, the function `rt` takes 2 integers as input, representing milliseconds. I really didn't like the idea of writing out `rt(1000,20000)` for any instance of code like this, so I made it so that it automatically picks up stuff that looks like what I've called "time markers" and replaces them with the number of milliseconds corresponding to that time.
    - The matching expression: `((\d{1,3})d)?\s*((\d{1,2})h)?\s*((\d{1,2})m)?\s*((\d{1,2})s)?\s*((\d{1,3})ms)?` (this can be found in the [Awv.Lexica repo](https://github.com/aerawave/Awv.Lexica/blob/master/Awv.Lexica/Parsing/TimeConverter.cs))